Gr8 b8, m8. I rel8, str8 appreci8, and congratul8. I r8 this b8 an 8/8. Plz no h8, I'm str8 ir8. Cre8 more, can't w8. We should convers8, I won't ber8, my number is 8888888, ask for N8. No calls l8 or out of st8. If on a d8, ask K8 to loc8. Even with a full pl8, I always have time to communic8 so don't hesit8
DO IT, just DO IT! Don't let your dreams be dreams. Yesterday, you said tomorrow. So just. DO IT! Make. your dreams. COME TRUE! Just… do it! Some people dream of success, while you're gonna wake up and work HARD at it! NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE!You should get to the point where anyone else would quit, and you're not gonna stop there. NO! What are you waiting for? … DO IT! Just… DO IT! Yes you can! Just do it! If you're tired of starting over, stop. giving. up.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.
Premade religions are for plebs. If you really want to do the religion thing, you have to make your own. Personally, I practice Penguinistic Idolatry. I worship a giant gilded penguin statue and pray to it four times a day. I abide by a very strict, very confusing moral/ethical system whereby I strive to foster as much penguiness as possible in myself. I believe that when we die, those of us who have achieved sufficient penguiness will ascend and reincarnate as penguins in the next life. Everyone else is doomed to a cycle of birth and rebirth as a human being. As far as I can tell, it is the only true religion.
OK, you know what? Fuck you. Fuck all of you immature, insensitive, ignorant assholes. The failed copypasta trolling on here is ridiculous and needs to stop. I imagine all of you immature /b/ kids, sitting in front of your computers giggling like little school girls as you hit ctrl-c-ctrl-v after ctrl-c-ctrl-v and expend little to no effort in your trolling. I bet that most of you aren't even trolls in real life and are only saying this stuff on here to be funny, shocking, and because you can't come up with anything original. And that just sucks. This is not a joke. IT IS WRONG. Don't sit and there and pretend like you don't care, that you don't have any morals, because you do. We all do. And you should feel ashamed of yourselves, but you don't because you are too immature to realize the damage you cause with your "humorous" old copypasta pictures and words. None of you, NONE of you, can possibly know what it is like to post OC. You couldn't possibly understand just how hurtful and humiliating it is for someone to put thought and effort into a post, the way they feel when they are treated with discrimination and prejudice. So why would you laugh and turn this into a joke? OC posters have had to deal with this bullshit for years and they have come so incredibly far. So now when some immature, pasty, fat dick head sitting in front of their computer just blatantly spews failed memes and stale pasta as a means of humor, it is incredibly damaging. You are all children, who don't understand what you are doing and just how important it is that we refrain from using these words and ideas. You think "Oh it's alright there's no OC posters here and I'm just doing it for shock value". No, it still leads to hate and discrimination in more ways than you could even begin to understand. It's time to grow up and start understanding the magnitude and consequences of your actions. You are all pathetic children. Grow up, damn you.
Let me give you some advice. I want to preface this with the fact that I have never had sex. However, I am a devote fan of Japanese Adult Videos. I have stumbled upon this genre in the past three months and now have a folder filled with JAV releases that occupies 2.3gb and counting. These porns cover a wide range of females (stepmoms, sisters, nurses, schoolgirs, etc) and narratives that allow me to effectively learn the social intricacies of interacting and making love to a woman. One of the most important things I have learned is that you MUST give a woman fellatio in order to please her. Foreplay is extremely important when you are having sex. Passion is one of the most arousing things for a girl. When I find my ideal girl (a rich landlord that performs yoga wearing one-piece tights in the apartment gym), I will do everything in my ability to please her so she will fall in TRUE love with me. Here is what I plan to do: First, I will kiss her and consciously breathe heavily while our noses are grazing each other's. This will help to daze her. After a good 5 minutes of straight tongue kissing, the passion will exponentially grow I'll slowly undress her and throw her down on the bed. Sometimes, women enjoy receiving aggression. This is where fellatio begins. I begin licking her pussy with my tongue vigorously. I'll take a pointer from my buddy Ip Man here: Horizontal. Vertical. Tongue pathing is very important. Also, try to rub her clit simultaneously. Once she cums, be sure to lick much of the fluid up and continue licking her pussy. Once she reinvigorates, go back to kissing her, while fluid swapping your solution of saliva and pussyjuice multiple times. The taboo will turn her on further. If you are lucky, she will reciprocate the same process. After that, penetration is smooth sailing from there and she will come back lusting. Her pussy lips will clench and tighten around my dick because I'm pleasuring her so well that she's craving my carnage.
What the fuck do you think you're doing you fucking retard? You fucking broke all fucking userscripts with this recent gay-ass fucking change that serves literally no fucking purpose. Why the fuck do you need to fucking reformat URLs you fucking mongloid, nobody ever fucking looks at the fucking URLs anyways. You know, at first I was fucking sceptical of these fucking changes being all that bad. Userscripts would fucking get fixed within fucking days, and they did little fucking harm. Or so I fucking thought. But just now, I was fucking trying to download some fucking pictures from a fucking Yuru Yuri thread on fucking /a/, and guess fucking what you shitlord piece of cancer trash? It didn't fucking work. Who the fuck do you think you fucking are you fucking piece of trash, breaking my fucking download script, you fucking shit! What's the matter you flaming fucking faggot, do you fucking hate cute fucking lesbians? You're a fucking menace to the fucking earth and I'll fucking enjoy personally wiping you off the face of this fucking planet you miserable piece of shit, I swear to fucking god I'll come to your fucking house and fucking burn it down you fucking shithead. Just you fucking wait. We're all fucking sick of your Jewish fucking bullshit you fucking imbicle shit-for-brains. One fucking day we're all gonna fucking come together and we're gonna fucking torture you till you fucking cry out for your fucking whore mother you fucking mule. If you fucking think we'll fucking forget this easily then you're fucking mistaken you worthless asshat. We're fucking Anonymous, we do not fucking forgive, and we certainly don't fucking forget you retarded faglord. Fucking expect us.
hat the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little muggle? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in Hogwarts, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on the death eaters, and I have over 300 confirmed avada kedavras. I am trained in transfigurations and curses and I'm the top duelist in the entire wizarding world. You are nothing to me but just another squib. I will wipe you the fuck out with curses the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the owl parchment? Think again, mudblood. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of aurors across the wizarding world and your aura is being traced right now so you better prepare for the wizarding war, maggot. The wizarding war that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, blood traitor. I can be anywhere, anytime with my transportation spells, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways (although avarda kedavra is my preferred method) and that's just with my wand. Not only am I extensively trained in wandless spells, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the ministry of magic and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the wizarding world, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn house elf. I will shit confringos all over you and you will burn in it. You're fucking dead, muggle.
Is there any logical reason why you would fucking say that post is underrated? Has anybody expressed any kind of dissatisfaction or criticism at all against it? Are you delusional? Are you reading replies that are nonexistant? Maybe you come from communities with voting systems, but there is literally no way that you could know what other people think of that post you just replied to here. Maybe it's psychological. Maybe it's your own post you're replying to, like a 12 year old fucktard liking his own facebook posts thinking his swelling autism is going unnoticed. Maybe your self esteem depends on you tricking yourself into thinking someone out there thinks your post is worth something. Or maybe you are just a retard, the worst kind of retard, the one who thinks he's smart, the one who thinks he's the only one to have gotten the joke, to have understood the post. Well, guess what, faggot, that post is under no definition underrated so why don't you do the world a favor and go check out what the bottom of your toilet smells like?
Listen up, dickbeater: If you'll take off your nipple clamps for a bit and quit moussing your taper-fade fauxhawk you might get a little more blood to your brain since your skinny jeans and fedora seem to be stopping the flow of it to your brain apparently. Goddamit in my day we didn't use a phone like you young shit-for-brains to send a picture of our dick to a woman. We fucking showed it to her in the backseat of a car at a drive in movie. And we didn't take naked "selfies" of ourselves while imitating a duckface! We got naked at the park with a hot chick and didn't care if the ducks walked around us while we were bumping uglies to the tunes of the Stones. We didn't use computers to beat off like you puppy pricks, we manned up with a Playboy or a Penthouse and probably beat off to your mother's images she didn't tell your fucking oil trader father about. We didn't shave our fucking nuts like you dickheads do and we sure as shit didn't need a computer dating service, we fucking went to bars and picked up women with our quick wit and snappy patter, not some fucking poorly spelled booty call on a smart phone messaging system. "u up? mfw horney. horney.jpeg." You young fuckers have ruined sex with your tattooed testicles and fucking chinese letters on every exposed part of your body and you come to work on weekends with goddam dayglo soccer shoes and socks that don't match on your little hairy white feet and talk shit about Basel II while carrying tranny porn on a thumb drive in your pocket. Why don't you drive your thumb up your ass and browse that file?
Wot the fok did ye just say 2 me m8? i dropped out of newcastle primary skool im the sickest bloke ull ever meet & ive nicked ova 300 chocolate globbernaughts frum tha corner shop. im trained in street fitin' & im the strongest foker in tha entire newcastle gym. yer nothin to me but a cheeky lil bellend w/ a fit mum & fakebling. ill waste u and smash a fokin bottle oer yer head bruv, i swer 2 christ. ya think u can fokin run ya gabber at me whilst sittin on yer arse behind a lil screen? think again wanka. im callin me homeboys rite now preparin for a proper scrap. A roomble thatll make ur nan sore jus hearin about it. yer a waste bruv. me crew be all over tha place & ill beat ya to a proper fokin pulp with me fists wanka. if i aint satisfied w/ that ill borrow me m8s cricket paddle & see if that gets u the fok out o' newcastle ya daft kunt. if ye had seen this bloody fokin mess commin ye might a' kept ya gabber from runnin. but it seems yea stupid lil twat, innit? ima shite fury & ull drown in it m8. ur ina proper mess knob.
Naruto is a gateway anime of the worst kind. It's a bad series, a clusterfuck of story and characterization that isn't very well done by any aspect, but which attempts to compensate for its weaknesses by adding in excessive shipping faggotry and DARKNESS. The normal anon can see this as the shit it is, and may enjoy it, hate it or be indifferent to it, but all the while recognizing that the series itself, regardless of their opinion, is plain bad.
However, these very aspects that try to smear over the shit of its core make it a breeding ground for aspie, unsociable underageb& faggots who engage in every kind of faggotry both online and in the real world. The superpowered characters all trying their hardest to look cool, the jutsus, peculiar, colorful clothes, the whole ninja faggotry and everything about the Naruto world fuels their escapist fantasies, while the pity-party character backgrounds, emphasis on revenge, and overall preachiness of the series make it fit just right with the mary-sueish drives of your average preteen and his sense of unwarranted self-importance towards the world. Exactly the kind of shit that makes little kiddies and underageb& retards eat this shit right the fuck up.
Naruto is basically THE series to attract the most hated anime fanbase known to /a/, which is why, regardless of individual opinions, it is the responsibility of every anon to troll the fuck out of this show and everyone who likes it, and ensure that no Naruto threads ever encourage the newfriends to show their faces here.
What in Davy Jones' locker did ye just bark at me, ye scurvy bilgerat? I'll have ye know I be the meanest cutthroat on the seven seas, and I've led numerous raids on fishing villages, and raped over 300 wenches. I be trained in hit-and-run pillaging and be the deadliest with a pistol of all the captains on the high seas. Ye be nothing to me but another source o' swag. I'll have yer guts for garters and keel haul ye like never been done before, hear me true. You think ye can hide behind your newfangled computing device? Think twice on that, scallywag. As we parley I be contacting my secret network o' pirates across the sea and yer port is being tracked right now so ye better prepare for the typhoon, weevil. The kind o' monsoon that'll wipe ye off the map. You're sharkbait, fool. I can sail anywhere, in any waters, and can kill ye in o'er seven hundred ways, and that be just with me hook and fist. Not only do I be top o' the line with a cutlass, but I have an entire pirate fleet at my beck and call and I'll damned sure use it all to wipe yer arse off o' the world, ye dog. If only ye had had the foresight to know what devilish wrath your jibe was about to incur, ye might have belayed the comment. But ye couldn't, ye didn't, and now ye'll pay the ultimate toll, you buffoon. I'll shit fury all over ye and ye'll drown in the depths o' it. You're fish food now.
What the Shadow Realm did you just fucking say about me, you little low level duelist? I'll have you know I graduated top of Obelisk Blue in Dueling Academy, and I've been involved in numerous secret duels in Battle City, and I have over 300 confirmed Blue-Eyes White Dragons. I am trained in Duel Monsters warfare and I'm the top Duelist in the entire Kaiba Corporation. You are nothing to me but just another Kuriboh. I will summon monsters with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Duelist Kingdom, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the other side of the Arena? Think again, Pegasus. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of friends across the globe and your mind is being crushed right now so you better switch to defense mode, and defend your life points. The Dark Hole that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call a field. Your girlfriend is dead, you fruit booty anime villain. I can be two people anywhere, anytime, and I can end this duel in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my Celtic Guardian. Not only am I extensively trained in ancient Egyptian, but I have access to the Millennium Items of the United States Army and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable Toon World off the face of the Battlefield, you little weirdo. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little Millennium Eye comment was about to bring down upon humanity, maybe you would have held your cards in hand. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, Pegasus. I will unleash fury all over the arena and then I will Mind Shuffle in it. You're fucking dead, Pegasus.
i got this new anime plot. basically there's this high school girl except she's got huge boobs. i mean some serious honkers. a real set of badonkers. packin some dobonhonkeros. massive dohoonkabhankoloos. big ol' tonhongerekoogers. what happens next?! transfer student shows up with even bigger bonkhonagahoogs. humongous hungolomghononoloughongous.
Oh this? My booty? My bubble butt? My bouncy caked up dump truck? My thick chonky double-wide badonkadonk? My goddamn jean splitting, thunder clapping, door frame shattering wobble wagon? You mean the mighty celestial planet busting superpower that is my BIG FAT FUCKING ASS? Well what about it?
I'm 13 and and my mom is 33. Things at the school were never great. I'm sorta short so i get picked on some but it was manageable. That was, until one of my classmates showed me a picture of my mom naked. I almost had a panic attack and had to be excused from the classroom. I ended up not showing up to school for a few days (faking sick). I was hoping that things would cool off but they didn't. As soon as I got to school almost everyone was staring and laughing at me. This has been going on for about a week now. I was wondering how my classmates even got the pictures and apparently my mom advertises her onlyfans on her personal Twitter account. Some students from the school follow her and were able to see the nudes and they have been spread everywhere. I don't even have a Twitter so I didn't know about any of this.
The worst part is when I confronted my mom about this she told me that I was overreacting and that sex work is basically the same as working at a bank or a grocery store. She also said it makes her feel good about herself and that I should be happy that she's more confident now. I told the principal but they can't suspend thousands of students or take anyone's phones. I've been crying in my room everyday for the past week. I don't think I can take it anymore.
I saw Elon Musk at a grocery store in Los Angeles yesterday. I told him how cool it was to meet him in person, but I didn't want to be a douche and bother him and ask him for photos or anything. He said, "Oh, like you're doing now?" I was taken aback, and all I could say was "Huh?" but he kept cutting me off and going "huh? huh? huh?" and closing his hand shut in front of my face. I walked away and continued with my shopping, and I heard him chuckle as I walked off. When I came to pay for my stuff up front I saw him trying to walk out the doors with like fifteen Milky Ways in his hands without paying.
The girl at the counter was very nice about it and professional, and was like "Sir, you need to pay for those first." At first he kept pretending to be tired and not hear her, but eventually turned back around and brought them to the counter.
When she took one of the bars and started scanning it multiple times, he stopped her and told her to scan them each individually "to prevent any electrical infetterence," and then turned around and winked at me. I don't even think that's a word. After she scanned each bar and put them in a bag and started to say the price, he kept interrupting her by yawning really loudly.
Not only do I feel dumber for trying to verbalize what you try to type, but I'm slowly losing the will to live. I do not want to live in a world where people like you are given the opportunity to work or have a say in anyone's future, let alone reproduce. I'm an atheist but I still pray, not for you, but fore the rest of us. God help us all, except you. I'm fucking surprised you weren't thrown out with the after birth, or aborted at the age of six, when you were finally able to speak, and your parents realize they made a mistake with you. I hope this is getting to you, because we know you struggle with simple things, like reading, writing and basic addition, but that's besides the point. We want you to know, we don't support you, hell, we barely tolerate you at times. I'd mind you less if you'd stop wasting our oxygen, and valuable resources on your stupid insignificant life. Do the world a favour and jump off a bridge.
Eh? You've never seen a pair of breasts before? And you're HOW old?! J-Jeez! Ahahahah! W-Well, we'd better fix that, then! Just close your eyes for a sec, aaaaaaand...
HERE! BOING!
AHAHAHAHA! You should have seen the look on your face! J-Jeez, anon! Th-Th-They're just sacks of fat on my chest, ya know! Do they really excite you THAT much?! G-Get a look at this, then! See how they bounce up and down! Jiggle jiggle! I-I bet you want to squeeze them too, don't you, Mr. Perverted Virginboy Anon?! G-Go right ahead! Honk these honkin' honkers as much as you want! Take your time! Heck, s-suck on 'em too! I know you really want to~! Just be careful; my nipples are super hard right now! C-Can't imagine whyyyy...~!
I-I-I-I-I-I bet you wanna see my vagina too! You pervert! W-W-Well, we're already this far! Might as well! I'm not wearing p-panties anyway!
S-S-S-So, what do you think? ...Well, I guess that ragin' 'rection in your pants answers THAT question! HAHAHAHAHA! Y-Y-You're such a pathetic pervert, anon! I-I-I-I bet it's the first one you've seen since you slid out of your mother's! L-L-Look how wet it is, too! Jeezums fucking Crikes, it's so fucking wet! I-I've never seen it this wet before! Look what you're doing to me, you freaking pervert! Y-You sure know how to make a girl all hot and bothered! Oh, lordy! Christ-on-a-stick! You'd better take some responsibility for this! A-After all, when it's this wet, it's much easier to cram something up there! And I'm leaking like a freaking sieve here! You'd better p-p-p-plug it up RIGHT NOW!
I've made a severe and continuous lapse in my judgement and I don't expect to be forgiven. I'm simply here to cum. So what we came across that day on the woods was obviously unplanned and the reactions you saw on tape were raw, they were unfiltered. None of us knew how to react or how to feel. I should have never posted the video. I should have put the cameras down, and stopped recording what we were going through. There's a lot of things I should have done differently, but I didn't, and for that from the bottom of my heart, I am sorry. I want to cum to the internet, I want to cum to anyone who's seen the video, I want to cum to anyone who has been affected or touched by mental illness, or depression, or suicide. But, most importantly, I want to cum to the victim and his family. For, my fans, who are defending my actions, please don't, they do not deserve to be defended. The goal of my content is always to entertain, to push the boundaries, to be all inclusive and in the world I live in I share almost everything I do. The intent is never to be heartless, cruel, or malicious. Like I said, I made a huge mistake, I don't expect to be forgiven, I'm just here to cum. I'm ashamed of myself. I'm disappointed in myself, and I promise to be better. I will be better, thank you.
Being a hentai actress must be so weird. Imagine this: you're in a soundproof room pleasurably screaming into an 800,000¥ microphone about how much you love old man dick at 10:47 AM on a Tuesday in October while your 45-year-old boss oversees you through a glass window from the other room. You eventually look up after 2 hours of practicing your unnaturally high-pitched moans and see him give you a big thumbs up as you pretend to have an orgasm.
i tell you kids, back in my day, we had it so rough... or so much better, i can't tell anymore. anyway, every day, we would wake up at 2 in the morning and go to the table for breakfast. we all lived in a closet, you see, so it was one room. and we would ask, me and my 64 brothers and 27 sisters, "what's for breakfast mum?". she would smack us all with a shoe and say "cold beans". and if we complained and said "but we had cold beans yesterday" - because we had cold beans every day - she would smack us all five times with a shoe and say "tough its all we can afford. i'm trying to feed a family of 93 with just half a silver buckington", a silver buckington was about the same as half a penny back in the day. then we would head to school. we met up with the johnson kids from down the road, and walked the 1674 miles to school. on the way to school, we had to walk up a mountain so tall it extended to outer space. when we got to the top of the mountain, we would see the peterson boys on their fancy bikes - which they dont make like they used to, and we would race them down the mountain. then, when we got to school at 4 in the morning, the headmaster would come up to us and say "you bloody kids are late", then he would smack us all with the cane 10 times and tell us we had 7 years of detention. then, we went to class, and mr stevenson would say "ok line up kids", then he would spank us each 60 times, then hit us each with the cane 40 times each. then it was 7 at night and we had to walk home. then, when we got home, we'd ask "whats for dinner mum?", and she'd smack us each 50 times with a pan and say "rotten cabage". and if we complained, she would smack us each 100 times with a broom and say "im trying to feed a family of 154 on just one islet sliver, just you wait until your dad gets home" - now an islet silver was worth about as much as a grain of sand. then, when our dad got home from his job at the soot factory, he would hit us all 180 times with his belt. if we had been naughty, we would hit us all another 600 times. then, at 1:58, mum would say "ok time for bed". then, we got into our potato sacks, and she would hit us each with a shoe 8 times before we went to sleep. on saturdays, we went down to uncle bob's farm to work. we would have to walk 345 miles to the bus stop, then catch the route 4 bus for 56 stops. we would get on the bus and pay our fare of 3 teddy roses - now a teddy rose is worth about the same as a flake of skin. then, if the ticket inspector came to us, he would hit us all 4 times with his baton. if any of us had lost our ticket, we would hit us all 10 times again and throw us off the bus and we had to walk the rest of the way. when we got to the farm, uncle bob would drive to the gate in his tractor, hit us all 780 times with his crowbar, and tell us to get in his trailer so he could drive us to the farm house. then, we had to plow the fields with a toothbrush in the blazing summer heat - now, they dont make summers like they used to, so it was about 1345.4 degrees spencer, or 67 degrees centigrade using your new-fangled metric system. then, we would have to milk the cows - now, they dont make cows like they used to, so each cow weighed about 459 hog's heads, or 3.2 tonnes in your new-fangled metric system. if you touched a cows udder, it would kick you and you would die, so you had to be really careful when you milked the cows. then, when we were done, uncle bob would say "ok kids time for your pocket money". he would give us each 9 copper jemimahs - which are worth about one political promise each - and beat us each 6 times with his tractor before we left. on sundays, we would meet the johnson boys and go down to the river - now, they don't make rivers like they used to, so this river was about as wide as the whole of america, and as deep as the marianas trench, and it was filled with liquid tungsten. we would play by the old oak tree near the river, climbing on it and building tree houses and such. now - they don't make trees like they used to, so this tree had a trunk as thick as a city, and was tall enough that the branches on the top could scrape the moon. one day, little jimmy fell from the top of the tree. when he hit the ground, the only bit of his body we could recognise was his left eyeball. we picked up all his bits and rushed him to the doctors surgery. dr james said "oh its just a scratch little jimmy dont worry pop a plaster on it and you'll be right" and he gave little jimmy a plaster and a lollipop and he was ok. after we finished playing by the river, we would go into town and get some candy. now, back in the day, you could give the shopkeeper one bronze winglet - which is worth about as much as a ciggarette butt - and he would give you the entire stock of the store. so we would go and get our candy, and we'd go into the town square and eat it. now, we didn't have any of your fancy food laws back in the day, so there was all kinds of stuff in our candy. bleach, lsd, ecstasy, you name it. so we would always get a little hyper after our candy. one day, when we were hyper, we went up the mr boris's car, the only car in the town, and touched it. as we touched it, we saw dad storming down the street holding his belt. "you kids, having fun while i work all day in the soot factory just so you can have grilled water for tea every night, i oughta smack you all". we were sure he was going to smack us, but then he said "no, i got a better idea, ill take you to see mr henderson, he'll set ya right". now, dad had told us about mr henderson. mr henderson was a veteran from the great war, where he got a really bad injury, but we never knew what it was. dad walked us all down to the pub, and we saw a left testicle propped up on a pegleg. "mr henderson," said dad, "i have some kids here who need a good whooping". then, mr henderson picked up the entire pub, and hit us each 4006 times with it. then, dad said "right, i gotta go back to the soot factory, you kids run on home now". now, by now it was 1pm, which meant it was curfew. while we were walking out of the town square, we heard a man shout "oi you bloody kids, its curfew". we turned around and saw the constable holding his baton. he hit us each 160265 times with his baton, then put us in gaol for 60123865 years. now - they don't make gaols like they used to - this one had 5 mile thick steel walls, and a single hole in the top let in some light. we were in there for about 13526 years, until mum baked the constable some cardboard pie so he would let us out. then, she hit us all 1292 times with a washboard, and grounded us for the rest of our lives. so don't you come complaining to me about nonsense like not being able to breathe or not being able to feel your legs.